BUILD.md, before:


Building Open Watcom
====================

This document describes how to build Open Watcom. The Quick Start is an
overview and may be sufficient information for some developers. The
following sections give additional details describing some options provided
by the build system.

Quick Start
-----------

If you haven't done so already you should read the file `README.md`. That
document gives an overview of the project and a quick description of the
layout of the Open Watcom source tree.

You will first need to install a few tools. In particular you will need a
build compiler. Nominally we use Open Watcom as our build compiler, but
other compilers are possible and even necessary when targeting 64 bit code
(Open Watcom currently can't generate 64 bit executables).

Below is list of supported compilers.

                            building OW for...         building OW for...
    build OS                16/32-bit hosts            64-bit hosts
    ----------------------------------------------------------------------
    DOS                     OW                         -
    OS/2                    OW                         -
    Windows 32-bit          OW, VC++, Intel            -
    Windows 64-bit          OW*, VC++, Intel           VC++
    Linux x86 32-bit        OW, gcc, clang             -
    Linux x64 64-bit        OW*, gcc, clang            gcc

    * Using 32 bit OW on the 64 bit operating system.

Building the documentation requires additional tools some of which may not
be readily available for all platforms. See `docs/howto.txt` for more
information.

Start by modifying `setvars.bat` (DOS/Windows), `setvars.cmd` (OS/2), or
`setvars.sh` (Linux) to reflect your system. See the comments in the file
for additional information. Of particular interest is the `OWROOT` variable
that specifies the location of the source tree and the `OWTOOLS` variable
that specifies which build compiler you intend to use.

In addition you need to configure your compiler's environment in `setvars`.
This can typically be accomplished by calling an appropriate batch file or
shell script. For example, Open Watcom comes with a script `owsetenv` that
specifies how the path and other environment variables should be set. Visual
C++ comes with similar batch files. We recommend that you make a copy of the
the `setvars` script before modifying it.

*WARNING*: Some platforms (notably Windows 9x) require DOS style line
endings in batch files.

The build process consists of two phases. The first phase creates a minimal
set of Open Watcom tools which are sufficient to build the entire system.
The second phase builds all of Open Watcom using the minimal set of tools
built during the first phase.

The build and clean-up processes are handled by two scripts.

1. `build.bat` (DOS/Windows), `build.cmd` (OS/2), or `build.sh` (Linux).
    This script builds all the software by executing both build phases.
    Normally it is sufficient to run this script to build the system. More
    control can be had by using the `builder` command directly as described
    below. A word of warning: running a full build may take upwards of two
    hours even on a fairly fast machine. There is a *lot* to build!

    You may want to run `builder cprel` from inside the `bld` directory
    after successfully building everything to copy the complete system to
    the release (`rel`) tree.

2. `clean.bat` (DOS/Windows), `clean.cmd` (OS/2), or `clean.sh` (Linux).
    This script erases all the object files, executable files, etc. created
    by any part of build process so you can build everything from scratch.

It is also possible to restore your code base to a pristine state using

    git clean -dfx

This command removes all files and directories unknown to git, including
those that are explicitly ignored. It should leave your code base in exactly
the same state as it had after a fresh clone operation.

Testing
-------

After building the system it is useful to test the result. This can be done
by making a copy of your modified `setvars` script and changing the `WATCOM`
variable to point at the location of the new system, typically `rel` in your
source tree. Configure a console or shell with this new `setvars` and then
do

    builder test

in the `bld` directory.

Note that during testing you may see some error messages. That is not
necessarily a problem since some of the tests exercise the tools' ability to
detect errors. Failed tests are reported at the end of testing or if the
testing process aborts prematurely.

More Details
------------

At the top level there is a tool that oversees traversing the build tree,
deciding which projects to build for what platforms, logging the results to
a file, and copying the finished software into the release tree, making
fully automated builds a possibility. This tool is called `builder`. See
`\bld\builder\builder.doc` for detailed info on the tool and the source if
the documentation doesn't satisfy you.

Each project has a `builder.ctl` builder script file. If you go to a project
directory and run `builder`, it will make only that project; if you go to
`bld` and run `builder`, it will build everything. The overall build uses
`bld\builder.ctl` which includes all of the individual project `builder.ctl`
files. Note that `builder` will traverse directories upward until it finds a
`builder.ctl`.

The results of the build are logged to `build.log` in the current project
directory (or `bld`), the previous `build.log` file is copied to
`build.lo1`.

Common builder commands:

    builder boot
      - First build phase (bootstrap) only. Creates all tools necessary
        for building the entire Open Watcom system (phase two).

    builder bootclean
      - Erases objects and tools, created during first build phase.

    builder build
      - Second build phase. Builds the entire system.

    builder cprel
      - Copies the system into the "rel" release tree.

    builder rel
      - Second build phase. Builds the entire system and copies it into
        the rel release tree. This is equivalent to "builder build"
        followed by "builder cprel."

    builder clean
      - Erase object files, executable files, etc. created during second
        build phase so you can do second build phase from scratch.

    builder docs
      - Build all documentation.

    builder docsclean
      - Erases all objects, etc. created during documentation build so you
        can start documentation build from scratch.

    builder test
      - Run all automated tests.

Many of the projects use the `pmake` features of builder (see `builder.doc`)
to determine what to build. The `pmake` source is in `bld\pmake`.

Each `makefile` has a comment line at the top of the file which is read by
`pmake`. Most of our `builder.ctl` files will have a line similar to this:

    pmake -d build -h ...

this will cause `wmake` to be run in every subdirectory where the `makefile`
contains `build` on the `#pmake` line.

You can also specify more parameters to build a smaller subset of files.
This is especially useful if you do not have all required tools, headers, or
libraries for all target platforms.

For example:

    builder rel os_nt

will build only the NT (32 bit Windows) version of the tools.

It is generally possible to build specific binaries or libraries by going to
their directory and running `wmake`. For instance to build the OS/2 version
of `wlink` you can go to `bld\wl\os2386` and run `wmake` there (note that
the process won't successfully finish unless several required libraries are
already built). Builder is useful for making full builds while running
`wmake` in the right spot is handy during development.

Even More Details
-----------------

This information and much more is in the Open Watcom Developer's Guide. To
produce a PostScript version go to `docs\ps` and run

    wmake hbook=devguide

If you have everything set up correctly, you should end up with
`devguide.ps` which you can print or view.

Commit message:

Add info about development testing command "builder buildtest" Do small format changes.

BUILD.md, after:


Building Open Watcom
====================

This document describes how to build Open Watcom. The Quick Start is an
overview and may be sufficient information for some developers. The
following sections give additional details describing some options provided
by the build system.

Quick Start
-----------

If you haven't done so already you should read the file `README.md`. That
document gives an overview of the project and a quick description of the
layout of the Open Watcom source tree.

You will first need to install a few tools. In particular you will need a
build compiler. Nominally we use Open Watcom as our build compiler, but
other compilers are possible and even necessary when targeting 64 bit code
(Open Watcom currently can't generate 64 bit executables).

Below is list of supported compilers.

                            building OW for...         building OW for...
    build OS                16/32-bit hosts            64-bit hosts
    ----------------------------------------------------------------------
    DOS                     OW                         -
    OS/2                    OW                         -
    Windows 32-bit          OW, VC++, Intel            -
    Windows 64-bit          OW*, VC++, Intel           VC++
    Linux x86 32-bit        OW, gcc, clang             -
    Linux x64 64-bit        OW*, gcc, clang            gcc

    * Using 32 bit OW on the 64 bit operating system.

Building the documentation requires additional tools some of which may not
be readily available for all platforms. See `docs/howto.txt` for more
information.

Start by modifying `setvars.bat` (DOS/Windows), `setvars.cmd` (OS/2), or
`setvars.sh` (Linux) to reflect your system. See the comments in the file
for additional information. Of particular interest is the `OWROOT` variable
that specifies the location of the source tree and the `OWTOOLS` variable
that specifies which build compiler you intend to use.

In addition you need to configure your compiler's environment in `setvars`.
This can typically be accomplished by calling an appropriate batch file or
shell script. For example, Open Watcom comes with a script `owsetenv` that
specifies how the path and other environment variables should be set. Visual
C++ comes with similar batch files. We recommend that you make a copy of the
the `setvars` script before modifying it.

*WARNING*: Some platforms (notably Windows 9x) require DOS style line
endings in batch files.

The build process consists of two phases. The first phase creates a minimal
set of Open Watcom tools which are sufficient to build the entire system.
The second phase builds all of Open Watcom using the minimal set of tools
built during the first phase.

The build and clean-up processes are handled by two scripts.

1. `build.bat` (DOS/Windows), `build.cmd` (OS/2), or `build.sh` (Linux).
    This script builds all the software by executing both build phases.
    Normally it is sufficient to run this script to build the system. More
    control can be had by using the `builder` command directly as described
    below. A word of warning: running a full build may take upwards of two
    hours even on a fairly fast machine. There is a *lot* to build!

    You may want to run `builder cprel` from inside the `bld` directory
    after successfully building everything to copy the complete system to
    the release tree (`rel`).

2. `clean.bat` (DOS/Windows), `clean.cmd` (OS/2), or `clean.sh` (Linux).
    This script erases all the object files, executable files, etc. created
    by any part of build process so you can build everything from scratch.

It is also possible to restore your code base to a pristine state using

    git clean -dfx

This command removes all files and directories unknown to git, including
those that are explicitly ignored. It should leave your code base in exactly
the same state as it had after a fresh clone operation.

Testing
-------

After building the system it is useful to test the result. This can be done
by making a copy of your modified `setvars` script and changing the `WATCOM`
variable to point at the location of the new system, typically `rel` in your
source tree. Configure a console or shell with this new `setvars` and then
do

    builder test

in the `bld` directory.

For testing during development it is possible to run tests without need to do
any installation. To run test do

    builder buildtest

in the `bld` or individual project test directory 
(by example `bld/ctest` for C compiler).

Note that during testing you may see some error messages. That is not
necessarily a problem since some of the tests exercise the tools' ability to
detect errors. Failed tests are reported at the end of testing or if the
testing process aborts prematurely.

More Details
------------

At the top level there is a tool that oversees traversing the build tree
(`bld`), deciding which projects to build for what platforms, logging
the results to a file, and copying the finished software into the release
tree (`rel`), making fully automated builds a possibility. This tool is
called `builder`. See `\bld\builder\builder.doc` for detailed info on
the tool and the source if the documentation doesn't satisfy you.

Each project has a `builder.ctl` builder script file. If you go to a project
directory and run `builder`, it will make only that project; if you go to
`bld` and run `builder`, it will build everything. The overall build uses
`bld\builder.ctl` which includes all of the individual project `builder.ctl`
files. Note that `builder` will traverse directories upward until it finds a
`builder.ctl`.

The results of the build are logged to `build.log` in the current project
directory (or `bld`), the previous `build.log` file is copied to
`build.lo1`.

Common builder commands:

    builder boot
      - First build phase (bootstrap) only. Creates all tools necessary
        for building the entire Open Watcom system (phase two).

    builder bootclean
      - Erases objects and tools, created during first build phase.

    builder build
      - Second build phase. Builds the entire system.

    builder cprel
      - Copies the system into the release tree (`rel`).

    builder rel
      - Second build phase. Builds the entire system and copies it into
        the release tree (`rel`). This is equivalent to "builder build"
        followed by "builder cprel."

    builder clean
      - Erase object files, executable files, etc. created during second
        build phase so you can do second build phase from scratch.

    builder docs
      - Build all documentation.

    builder docsclean
      - Erases all objects, etc. created during documentation build so you
        can start documentation build from scratch.

    builder test
      - Run all automated tests on release tree (`rel`).

    builder buildtest
      - Run automated tests on build tree (`bld`). This can be used for 
        individual project testing during development.

Many of the projects use the `pmake` features of builder (see `builder.doc`)
to determine what to build. The `pmake` source is in `bld\pmake`.

Each `makefile` has a comment line at the top of the file which is read by
`pmake`. Most of our `builder.ctl` files will have a line similar to this:

    pmake -d build -h ...

this will cause `wmake` to be run in every subdirectory where the `makefile`
contains `build` on the `#pmake` line.

You can also specify more parameters to build a smaller subset of files.
This is especially useful if you do not have all required tools, headers, or
libraries for all target platforms.

For example:

    builder rel os_nt

will build only the NT (32 bit Windows) version of the tools.

It is generally possible to build specific binaries or libraries by going to
their directory and running `wmake`. For instance to build the OS/2 version
of `wlink` you can go to `bld\wl\os2386` and run `wmake` there (note that
the process won't successfully finish unless several required libraries are
already built). Builder is useful for making full builds while running
`wmake` in the right spot is handy during development.

Even More Details
-----------------

This information and much more is in the Open Watcom Developer's Guide. To
produce a PostScript version go to `docs\ps` and run

    wmake hbook=devguide

If you have everything set up correctly, you should end up with
`devguide.ps` which you can print or view.
