{\rtf1\ansi \deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\froman Tms Rmn;}{\f1\fdecor Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss Helv;}{\f3\fswiss Helvetica;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}{\stylesheet{\s244 \fs16\up6 \sbasedon0\snext0 footnote reference;}{\s245 \fs20 \sbasedon0\snext245 footnote text;}{\s246\li720 \i\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 9;}{\s247\li720 
\i\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 8;}{\s248\li720 \i\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 7;}{\s249\li720 \fs20\ul \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 6;}{\s250\li720 \b\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 5;}{\s251\li360 \ul \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 4;}{
\s252\li360 \b \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 3;}{\s253\sb120 \b\f2 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2;}{\s254\sb240 \b\f2\ul \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1;}{\s255\li720 \fs20 \sbasedon0\snext255 Normal Indent;}{\fs20 \snext0 Normal;}{\s2\fi-240\li480\sb80\tx480 \f3 
\sbasedon0\snext2 nscba;}{\s3\fi-240\li240\sa20 \f3 \sbasedon0\snext3 j;}{\s4\li480\sa20 \f3 \sbasedon0\snext4 ij;}{\s5\sb80\sa20 \f3 \sbasedon0\snext5 btb;}{\s6\fi-240\li2400\sb20\sa20 \f3\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext6 ctcb;}{\s7\fi-240\li480\sa40\tx480 \f3 
\sbasedon0\snext7 ns;}{\s8\sa120 \f3\fs28 \sbasedon0\snext8 TT;}{\s9\fi-240\li2400\sa20 \f3 \sbasedon0\snext9 crtj;}{\s10\fi-240\li480\tx480 \f3 \sbasedon0\snext10 nsca;}{\s11\sa20 \f3 \sbasedon0\snext11 bt;}{\s12\li240\sb120\sa40 \f3 
\sbasedon0\snext12 Hf;}{\s13\li240\sb120\sa40 \f3 \sbasedon0\snext13 Hs;}{\s14\li480\sb120\sa40 \f3 \sbasedon0\snext14 RT;}{\s15\fi-2160\li2160\sb240\sa80\tx2160 \f3 \sbasedon0\snext15 c;}{\s16\li2160\sa20 \f3 \sbasedon0\snext16 ct;}{\s17\li240\sa20 \f3 
\sbasedon0\snext17 it;}{\s18\li480 \f3\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext18 nsct;}{\s19\fi-160\li400\sb80\sa40 \f3 \sbasedon0\snext19 nscb;}{\s20\fi-2640\li2880\sb120\sa40\brdrb\brdrs \brdrbtw\brdrs \tx2880 \f3 \sbasedon0\snext20 HC2;}{
\s21\fi-2640\li2880\sb120\sa20\tx2880 \f3 \sbasedon0\snext21 C2;}{\s22\fi-240\li2400\sa20 \f3\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext22 ctc;}{\s23\li2160\sb160 \f3 \sbasedon0\snext23 crt;}{\s24\li480\sb20\sa40 \f3 \sbasedon0\snext24 or;}}{\info{\author Dan Davids}
{\creatim\yr1990\mo5\dy2\min55}{\version1}{\edmins19}{\nofpages0}{\nofwords65536}{\nofchars65536}{\vern8310}}\widowctrl\ftnbj \sectd \linex0\endnhere \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 {\f2\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\f3\fs16\up6 #}{\f3 
 Keyboard_topic}}}{\f2  }{\f2\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\f3\fs16\up6 $}{\f3  Windows Keys}}}{\f2  }{\f2\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\f3\fs16\up6 K}{\f3  keys;keyboard}}}{\f2  }{\b\f2 Windows Keys
\par }{\f2 
\par }\pard\plain \s11\sa20 \f3 {\f2\fs20 The keyboard topics below come from Help for Windows. You can create similar keyboard topics for your application's Help. Choose from the following list to review the keys used in Windows:
\par }\pard\plain \s3\fi-240\li240\sb100\sa20 \f3 {\strike\f2\fs20 Cursor Movement Keys}{\v\f2\fs20 cmk_key_pm}{\f2\fs20 
\par }\pard \s3\fi-240\li240\sa20 {\strike\f2\fs20 Dialog Box Keys}{\v\f2\fs20 dbk_key_pm}{\f2\fs20 
\par }{\strike\f2\fs20 Editing Keys}{\v\f2\fs20 ek_key_pm}{\f2\fs20 
\par }{\strike\f2\fs20 Help Keys}{\v\f2\fs20 hk_key_pm}{\f2\fs20 
\par }{\strike\f2\fs20 Menu Keys}{\v\f2\fs20 mk_key_pm}{\f2\fs20 
\par }{\strike\f2\fs20 System Keys}{\v\f2\fs20 sk_key_pm}{\f2\fs20 
\par }{\strike\f2\fs20 Text Selection Keys}{\v\f2\fs20 tsk_key_pm}{\f2\fs20 
\par }{\strike\f2\fs20 Window Keys}{\v\f2\fs20 wk_key_pm}{\f2\fs20 
\par }\pard\plain \s8\sa120 \f3\fs28 {\b\f2\fs20 \page }{\f2\fs20\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs18\up6 #} cmk_key_pm}}{\f2\fs20  }{\f2\fs20\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs18\up6 $} Cursor Movement Keys}}{\f2\fs20  }{\f2\fs20\up6 +
{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs18\up6 +} pro:0010}}{\f2\fs20  }{\f2\fs20\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs18\up6 K} keys, cursor movement;cursor movement keys}}{\f2\fs20  }{\b\f2\fs20 Cursor Movement Keys}{\f2\fs20 
\par }\pard\plain \s20\fi-3620\li3860\sb120\sa40\brdrb\brdrs \brdrbtw\brdrs \tx3860 \f3 {\b\f2\fs20 Key(s)\tab Function}{\f2\fs20 
\par }\pard\plain \s21\fi-3620\li3860\sb120\sa20\tx3860 \f3 {\f2\fs20 DIRECTION key\tab Moves the cursor left, right, up, or down in a field.
\par End or Ctrl+Right Arrow\tab Moves to the end of a field.
\par Home or CTRL+Left Arrow\tab Moves to the beginning of a field.
\par PAGE UP or PAGE DOWN\tab Moves up or down in a field, one screen at a time.
\par }\pard\plain \s8\sa120 \f3\fs28 {\b\f2\fs20 \page }{\f2\fs20\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs18\up6 #} dbk_key_pm}}{\f2\fs20  }{\f2\fs20\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs18\up6 $} Dialog Box Keys}}{\f2\fs20  }{\f2\fs20\up6 +
{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs18\up6 +} pro:0020}}{\f2\fs20  }{\f2\fs20\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs18\up6 K} keys, dialog box;dialog box keys}}{\f2\fs20  }{\b\f2\fs20 Dialog Box Keys}{\f2\fs20 
\par }\pard\plain \s20\fi-2640\li2880\sb120\sa40\brdrb\brdrs \brdrbtw\brdrs \tx2880 \f3 {\b\f2\fs20 Key(s)\tab Function}{\f2\fs20 
\par }\pard\plain \s21\fi-2640\li2880\sb120\sa20\tx2880 \f3 {\f2\fs20 TAB\tab Moves from field to field (left to right and top to bottom).
\par SHIFT+TAB\tab Moves from field to field in reverse order.
\par ALT+letter\tab Moves to the option or group whose underlined letter matches the one you type.
\par DIRECTION key\tab Moves from option to option within a group of options.
\par ENTER\tab Executes a command button.
\par }\pard \s21\fi-2640\li2880\sb40\sa20\tx2880 {\f2\fs20 \tab Or, chooses the selected item in a list box and executes the command.
\par }\pard \s21\fi-2640\li2880\sb120\sa20\tx2880 {\f2\fs20 ESC\tab Closes a dialog box without completing the command. (Same as Cancel)
\par ALT+DOWN ARROW\tab Opens a drop-down list box.
\par ALT+UP or DOWN ARROW\tab Selects item in a drop-down list box.
\par SPACEBAR\tab Cancels a selection in a list box.
\par }\pard \s21\fi-2640\li2880\sb40\sa20\tx2880 {\f2\fs20 \tab Selects or clears a check box.
\par }\pard \s21\fi-2640\li2880\sb120\sa20\tx2880 {\f2\fs20 CTRL+SLASH\tab Selects all the items in a list box.
\par CTRL+BACKSLASH\tab Cancels all selections except the current selection.
\par SHIFT+ DIRECTION key\tab Extends selection in a text box.
\par SHIFT+ HOME\tab Extends selection to first character in a text box.
\par SHIFT+ END\tab Extends selection to last character in a text box
\par }\pard\plain \s8\sa120 \f3\fs28 {\b\f2\fs20 \page }{\f2\fs20\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs18\up6 #} ek_key_pm}}{\f2\fs20  }{\f2\fs20\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs18\up6 $} Editing Keys}}{\f2\fs20  }{\f2\fs20\up6 +{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs18\up6 +} pro:0030}}{\f2\fs20  }{\f2\fs20\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs18\up6 K} keys, editing;editing keys}}{\f2\fs20  }{\b\f2\fs20 Editing Keys}{\f2\fs20 
\par }\pard\plain \s20\fi-2640\li2880\sb120\sa40\brdrb\brdrs \brdrbtw\brdrs \tx2880 \f3 {\b\f2\fs20 Key(s)\tab Function}{\f2\fs20 
\par }\pard\plain \s21\fi-2640\li2880\sb120\sa20\tx2880 \f3 {\f2\fs20 Backspace\tab Deletes the character to the left of the cursor.
\par \tab Or, deletes selected text.
\par Delete\tab Deletes the character to the right of the cursor.
\par \tab Or, deletes selected text.
\par }\pard\plain \s8\sa120 \f3\fs28 {\f2\fs20 \page }{\f2\fs20\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs18\up6 #} hk_key_pm}}{\f2\fs20  }{\f2\fs20\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs18\up6 $} Help Keys}}{\f2\fs20  }{\f2\fs20\up6 +{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs18\up6 +} pro:0040}}{\f2\fs20  }{\f2\fs20\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs18\up6 K} keys, help;help}}{\f2\fs20  }{\b\f2\fs20 Help Keys}{\f2\fs20 
\par }\pard\plain \s20\fi-2640\li2880\sb120\sa40\brdrb\brdrs \brdrbtw\brdrs \tx2880 \f3 {\b\f2\fs20 Key(s)\tab Function}{\f2\fs20 
\par }\pard\plain \s21\fi-2640\li2880\sb120\sa20\tx2880 \f3 {\f2\fs20 F1\tab Gets Help and displays the Help Index for the application. If the Help window is already open, pressing F1 displays the "Using Windows Help" topics.
\par \tab In some Windows applications, pressing F1 displays a Help topic on the selected command, dialog box option, or system message.
\par SHIFT+F1\tab Changes the pointer to \{bmc helpicon.bmp\} so you can get Help on a specific command, screen region, or key. You can then choose a command, click the screen region, or press a key or key combination you want to know more about.
\par \tab (This feature is not available in all Windows applications.)
\par }\pard\plain \s8\sa120 \f3\fs28 {\b\f2\fs20 \page }{\f2\fs20\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs18\up6 #} mk_key_pm}}{\f2\fs20  }{\f2\fs20\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs18\up6 $} Menu Keys}}{\f2\fs20  }{\f2\fs20\up6 +{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs18\up6 +} pro:0050}}{\f2\fs20  }{\f2\fs20\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs18\up6 K} keys, menu;menu keys}}{\f2\fs20  }{\b\f2\fs20 Menu Keys}{\f2\fs20 
\par }\pard\plain \s20\fi-2640\li2880\sb120\sa40\brdrb\brdrs \brdrbtw\brdrs \tx2880 \f3 {\b\f2\fs20 Key(s)\tab Function}{\f2\fs20 
\par }\pard\plain \s21\fi-2640\li2880\sb120\sa20\tx2880 \f3 {\f2\fs20 Alt\tab Selects the first menu on the menu bar.
\par Letter key\tab Chooses the menu, or menu item, whose underlined letter matches the one you type.
\par Alt+letter key\tab Pulls down the menu whose underlined letter matches the one you type.
\par LEFT or RIGHT ARROW\tab Moves among menus.
\par UP or DOWN ARROW\tab Moves among menu items.
\par Enter\tab Chooses the selected menu item.
\par }\pard\plain \s8\sa120 \f3\fs28 {\b\f2\fs20 \page }{\f2\fs20\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs18\up6 #} sk_key_pm}}{\f2\fs20  }{\f2\fs20\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs18\up6 $} System Keys}}{\f2\fs20  }{\f2\fs20\up6 +{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs18\up6 +} pro:0060}}{\f2\fs20  }{\f2\fs20\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs18\up6 K} keys, system;system keys}}{\f2\fs20  }{\b\f2\fs20 System Keys}{\f2\fs20 
\par }\pard\plain \s5\sb80\sa20 \f3 {\f2\fs20 The following keys can be used from any window, regardless of the application you are using.
\par }\pard\plain \s20\fi-2640\li2880\sb120\sa40\brdrb\brdrs \brdrbtw\brdrs \tx2880 \f3 {\b\f2\fs20 Key(s)\tab Function}{\f2\fs20 
\par }\pard\plain \s21\fi-2640\li2880\sb120\sa20\tx2880 \f3 {\f2\fs20 Ctrl+Esc\tab Switches to the Task List.
\par Alt+Esc\tab Switches to the next application window or minimized icon, including full-screen programs.
\par Alt+TAB\tab Switches to the next application window, restoring applications that are running as icons.
\par Alt+PrtSc\tab Copies the entire screen to Clipboard.
\par Ctrl+F4\tab Closes the active window.
\par F1\tab Gets Help and displays the Help Index for the application. (See }{\strike\f2\fs20 Help Keys}{\v\f2\fs20 hk_key_pm}{\f2\fs20 )
\par }\pard\plain \s8\sa120 \f3\fs28 {\b\f2\fs20 \page }{\f2\fs20\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs18\up6 #} tsk_key_pm}}{\f2\fs20  }{\f2\fs20\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs18\up6 $} Text Selection Keys}}{\f2\fs20  }{\f2\fs20\up6 +
{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs18\up6 +} pro:0070}}{\f2\fs20  }{\f2\fs20\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs18\up6 K} keys, text selection;text selection keys}}{\f2\fs20  }{\b\f2\fs20 Text Selection Keys}{\f2\fs20 
\par }\pard\plain \s20\fi-4340\li4580\sb120\sa40\brdrb\brdrs \brdrbtw\brdrs \tx4580 \f3 {\b\f2\fs20 Key(s)\tab Function}{\f2\fs20 
\par }\pard\plain \s21\fi-4340\li4580\sb120\sa20\tx4580 \f3 {\f2\fs20 SHIFT+LEFT or RIGHT ARROW\tab Selects text one character at a time to the left or right.
\par SHIFT+DOWN or UP\tab Selects one line of text up or down.
\par SHIFT+END\tab Selects text to the end of the line.
\par SHIFT+HOME\tab Selects text to the beginning of the line.
\par SHIFT+PAGE DOWN\tab Selects text down one window.
\par \tab Or, cancels the selection if the next window is already selected.
\par SHIFT+PAGE UP\tab Selects text up one window.
\par \tab Or, cancels the selection if the previous window is already selected.
\par CTRL+SHIFT+LEFT or RIGHT ARROW\tab Selects text to the next or previous word.
\par CTRL+SHIFT+UP or DOWN ARROW\tab Selects text to the beginning (UP ARROW) or end (DOWN ARROW) of the paragraph.
\par CTRL+SHIFT+END\tab Selects text to the end of the document.
\par CTRL+SHIFT+HOME\tab Selects text to the beginning of the document.
\par }\pard\plain \s8\sa120 \f3\fs28 {\b\f2\fs20 \page }{\f2\fs20\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs18\up6 #} wk_key_pm}}{\f2\fs20  }{\f2\fs20\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs18\up6 $} Window Keys}}{\f2\fs20  }{\f2\fs20\up6 +{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs18\up6 +} pro:0080}}{\f2\fs20  }{\f2\fs20\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs18\up6 K} keys, window;window keys}}{\f2\fs20  }{\b\f2\fs20 Window Keys}{\f2\fs20 
\par }\pard\plain \s20\fi-2640\li2880\sb120\sa40\brdrb\brdrs \brdrbtw\brdrs \tx2880 \f3 {\b\f2\fs20 Key(s)\tab Function}{\f2\fs20 
\par }\pard\plain \s21\fi-2640\li2880\sb120\sa20\tx2880 \f3 {\f2\fs20 ALT+SPACEBAR\tab Opens the Control menu for an application window.
\par ALT+Hyphen\tab Opens the Control menu for a document window.
\par Alt+F4\tab Closes a window.
\par Alt+Esc\tab Switches to the next application window or minimized icon, including full-screen programs.
\par Alt+TAB\tab Switches to the next application window, restoring applications that are running as icons.
\par Alt+ENTER\tab Switches a non-Windows application between running in a window and running full screen.
\par DIRECTION key\tab Moves a window when you have chosen Move from the Control menu.
\par }\pard \s21\fi-2640\li2880\sb40\sa20\tx2880 {\f2\fs20 \tab Or, changes the size of a window when you have chosen Size from the Control menu.
\par }\pard\plain \fs20 {\b\f2 \page }
\par }